docs(op-program): add deprecation notice to README (#20044)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: op-program/README.md

# op-program

> **Deprecated:** op-program is deprecated and being replaced by [kona-client](../../rust/kona/).

> > Existing deployments will remain usable until the Karst hardfork, at which point migration to kona-client is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Existing deployments will be supported until the Karst hardfork, at which point migration to kona-client is required.
```
